hello Community we have a beautiful new
methodology for acentic flow and yeah oh
G yeah I got a comment here and it said
Hey in your last video you showed some
emotions please restrict from this just
give us the pure facts the documentation
and a code and this is all we need so
okay can do this here new study new code
this is it thank
you now for the rest of us who still
have a beating heart what are atic
workflows because honestly if I look at
this I understand absolutely nothing not
one word so I have to start all way
again so here we go now the authors tell
us for them the definition of an agentic
workflow is those llms that we use are
solving complex task by following agenic
workflows which are sequences of
operation or steps they call notes and
you say ahuh that the model executes to
complete a task
these workflows can involve multiple
stages such as reasoning generating
intermediate outputs revising some
answers and more and we got a feeling
said okay structured sequences of llm
invocations I accompanied by detailed
instruction and now if we have those
authentic workflows I mean we Cod it no
we put it here impr promp engineering we
Define here if you work with langar we
Define here this sequence of our
operation
and they say yeah it requires
significant human effort which limits
here the scalability and the
adaptability of LMS to new complex
domains and you say okay beautiful and
now the ORS have an interesting view but
let's follow their idea they say hey we
have two distinct paradigms of llm
applications we have the agentic
workflow and and we have autonomous
agent and they argue that there are
separated entities which you could say
really are you sure but never mind let's
go with their idea and the say energetic
workflow completes here this the tasks
given here statically so through
predefined processes with multiple llm
invocations we buil this as humans no
however autonomous agents the auto argue
solves problems dynamically through flax
ible autonomous decision making now the
idea is that they have is here hey can
we bring a little bit of this autonomous
thing here over to the workflow
generation and they go on and say you
know recent Works aim to automate now
this design of the gentic workflows and
they categorize this now in three types
automated prompt optimization
hyperparameter optimization and
automated workflow optimization
so let's have a look at the first one
the prompt optimization you notice and
I've given here you the reference study
that I would recommend so automated
prompt optimization uses llms to
optimize The Prompt structure within
fixed workflows and I would say
beautiful here by Stanford University
this is the study October
DSP for the hyperparameter optimization
which focuses here on optimizing some
predefined parameters within the
complete dynamic system I would go here
with Stanford University and University
of Washington October 4th
2024 Oran an architecture search
framework for inference time
techniques in the aano those two
methodologies while these approaches
improve their performance they are
limited in generalizing to new task and
often require moderate human efforts for
task specific designs and they sound now
we wants to generate an automated
workflow optimization methodology which
aims to optimize entire workflow
structures offering more potential for
fully automated workflow AI agent
generation but you know there are
already different methodologies
available so let's have a look at one of
them that I like for example and we have
here from midle of August
2024 automated design of agentic systems
and they U utilize here code structures
to represent workflows and stores here
the historical workflow here and simply
a linear list
structure now the authors tell us here
that they know this study but
constrained by the efficiency of its
search algorithm as it relies on overly
simplistic representation of the
experience in the search process so the
aors are not satisfied because this is
hey already from August 2024 so we have
to have some something better but if you
want to get an idea please read this
particular publication here from mid
August because they really explain here
how you utilize code structure for
agentic
workflows and then here we have now
their brand new study from yesterday
October 14 and they say a flow
automating a gentic workflow generation
we have here deep rdom Hong Kong
university renman university of China
and Jing University fan University my
goodness and everything
else so what they do now code will be
available at meta GPT nothing to do with
the company meta by the way so they say
a flu now also uses codes to represent
your workflows but goes further by
providing now a more fundamental
structure and this is what they call a
node and now careful this is not the
node you know from your graphs structure
I give you a definition of the note in a
minute and they say now this structure
encompasses various llm invocation
parameters allowing for more detailed
workflow representation so we'll make
another step in the evolution of
automous autonomous automatic agent
workflow
generation and here I give you the code
this is the basic structure of a node
according to this new study so class
action Noe beautiful so we have the
context the llm the schema raw Jon marm
XML and this is already it isn't that
simple however let's look at at a
complete workflow representation we have
node and edes and yes you guess that we
going to use your research
algorithm the node each node represents
here an llm invocation with parameters
those parameters as I just showed you
the model so the specific large language
model that we will use the specific
prompt structure the specific
temperature to control here the
randomness in the output and the output
format maybe we go with
Jason and then we have edges now edges
those a little bit more interesting
topics here now you know represent here
the connection of the sequence between
our nodes but our nodes are a little bit
diff different now to what you know from
graph the and the idea is now edges can
be constructed either as well GLS or as
new networks or as I just showed you in
the publication as code
structures and this allows you for
complex workflows with a conditional
logic and loop structures which we need
for causal oring if you want to improve
our logic
here now I want to give you here the
reference literature in my view that I
like that I would recommend to you if
you want to learn about edges can
represent various structures such such
as a graph I would go here with August
2024 here GPT swarm language agents as
optimizable graph structures highly
recommend this studies and they give you
here a flexible structure representing
hierarchical segmental or parallel
relations between nodes allowing here
for complex branching
workflows if we go with the second
option the edes can be represented as
various structures such as a neural net
work structure I would go here with
October 2023 as I know it's an old one
from Stanford University in Georgia de
but it's excellent have a look at this
Dynamic llm agent networks and llm agent
collaboration framework with agent team
optimization imagine more than a year
ago they did this year Dynamic llm agent
network with code generation in a new
network structure this structure can
represent complex not nonlinear
relationship between our nodes allowing
for adaptive and learnable workflows
based on input and
feedback now as I showed you in the
thirt category here edges can be
represented as the structure of a code
structure we already have from August of
24 here automated design of a gentic
system and now the beauty of this idea
is and please read it and whenever you
see here the meter agent search this is
not the company meter but this is just
the the how to call this you know the
superior the above certain levels here
search and the beauty here is a
representation that can express linear
sequences conditional logic loops and it
incorporates here the graph structures
and or the new network structures so
offering here the most precise control
over the workflow execution so you see
whenever you code your edges in the
structure of pure code elements you can
have graph structures new network
structure pure code structure in the
edges so those edges here are really a
powerful representation of the
interplay now we just had a look here
the workflow representation of node and
edges and we look now at edges now next
step is we can also no the Au also
introduced
operators and you might think goodness
is this mathematics no not at all it is
simple they just take here a combination
of notes and they say hey if you combine
node one 4 and six in a particular way
you know we call it kind of a module we
kind call it kind of a operating shell
here we call it a operator nothing else
than redefined node combination
functions that's all there is and if we
have this now you know what's going to
happen
we now need a search algorithm because
we have a huge search space here with
huge workflow possibilities permutation
and whatever so we need now a montolo
tree search algorithm for the automated
workflow optimization itself and of
course this mtic research leverages here
the three structured experience and
execution
feedback this is all 1 2 3 4 elements if
we know those we can solve
this of course it is an optimization
problem what else in EI so what we have
we have give a human task the query and
an evolution function that we can
evaluate the performance here the goal
now of the complete workflow
optimization here in a flow is to
discover here a particular solution a
particular workflow w
that maximizes here the evaluation
function that depends here on the
specific multitude of workflows and the
user query the user task this is it this
is the core concept that is behind all
of
this now this particular structure that
we have chosen transforms now the
workflow into a vast search base
remember when we did the uh embedding
here of semantic object objects into a
vector space with sentence birth now we
do transform the complete agentic
workflow in a vast search space in a
mathematical space encompassing here a
wide variety and combination and
variation and plural ification of
potential
configurations so key model key idea
model the workflow as a sequence of
interconnected llm invoca notes buil an
operator structure above it where each
node represents an action by the llm you
notice retrieve information start a
logical deduction whatever do an output
and the edges Define now the logic the
dependencies and the flow between this
actions of the
llms the beauty is if we represent the
workflow as flexible nodes connected not
by code based edes edges we can code
everything now workflow is now
represented as a code object as a code
structure allowing us for flexible
precise definition of the sequence
condition loops and everything in
between so here we have it now beautiful
so what we have we have a huge vast
mathematical space the search space with
a lot of different possibilities of
alteration modification extensions
whatever to the
code and now we use here simply the
monteo tree search mechanism to solve
here the optimization problem find the
best workflow for the user query so what
we do four easy steps soft mixed
probability selection we have a balanced
exploration exploitation phase as you
know from monticola research by
combining uniform random selection with
score based selection and this simply
has a function that it helps us avoid
getting stuck in a local Minima Optima
whatever
seconds now we use the intelligence of
the llms so the power and intelligence
quotation mark of the llms are now
crucial essential that we can now expand
here Den note in the search tree by
proposing now specific modification to
the workflow
code everything we do now with the
workflow depends only on the cleverness
in intelligence pre-training data of our
llms third step if we have now a new
modified workflow we execute this
workflow and we evaluate its performance
it's a trial and error we try it out we
evaluate it now we know it's good better
or we just delete it and then we have
the carot research back propagation the
results of the EV relations are
propagated back up the tree to inform
future search
decisions it is simple if you just break
it down here into this understanding and
therefore now if I look at this
beautiful I think it was here the very
first information I gave you in this
video now I understand what's happening
here on the left side because now I
understand that the a flow algorithm now
has simply six steps we start with an
intialization of the system so we have a
template workflow and we split simply
the data set into EV validation data set
and a test data set as
always then we have the selection phase
users here soft mix probability
selection to choose which workflow to
expand next so remember llms generate
here these new workflows by modifying
the code of the selected workflows and
then in order to find out hey does it
improve you our
system we have the evaluation so
executes the workflow and evaluates
their performance on validation data
then we know exactly where we are here
with this particular modified code in
our workflow then monlo Tre search we
have back propagation updates the search
tree with the performance results to
inform future selections and then if we
have run through this multiple multiple
multiple times the process continues
until a convergence criteria is now met
or if you have a maximum number of
iteration is reached this is all that is
now noted here in this kind of algorithm
one detailed explanation of the a flow
algorithm so you see it is easy take
your time whenever I encountered this
and honestly just looking at this here
on the left side I got nothing I I did
not even understand what it was all
about and you see simple steps 10
minutes later we
understand it what is the Benchmark
telling us this new methodology a flow
was tested on six Benchmark data yes yes
yes and it showed a almost 20%
improvement over existing automated
approaches so given the area here of
automated approaches this looks now as
the alpha candidate beautiful but also
they tell us here over state-of-the-art
baselines that includes human crafted
work work flows it showed here only on
this six tests Benchmark data it showed
a
5.7% average improvement over
state-ofthe-art baselines interesting
now so and the auths here particular
mention this here so let me give you
here also this perspective which I find
a little bit interesting they say you
know this reduces you the human effort
and I understand this if you are Global
Corporation and you want to increase the
shareholder value of your Global
Corporation you say hey all those humans
you know this extreme cost that we have
with human coders with human software
engineering with human specialist with
human Engineers with human you get the
idea and then the open source Community
here at the universities and research
centers and wherever they are so
willing to to generate new brilliant
ideas about
automation like this here this new
methodology automates you the process of
creating complex agentic eii workflows
beautiful saving human time saving human
resources and saving human
costs for Global corporations
so great so if we have now a complete
automization for a gentic EI workflows
for agentic system for
multi-agent
whatever not necessarily requiring any
human intervention not necessarily
requiring any human resources to be in
the loop and therefore having eliminated
all human cost
for This Global
Corporation this is a fact I have to say
I'm interested because you know I never
watched here the carefully
designed planning for the elimination of
a
complete but we're doing
it this is
interesting so now you have it now we
went here from a more or less abstract
explanation here of an a flow ALG GM to
my personal yes and I do have emotions a
flow explanation what is going on what
is the main idea of this and it would be
great to see you in my next video